Move `oauthTokens` out of `Session` and make available via a new `onSuccess` option (#154)
workos/authkit-nextjs: README.md

export const GET = handleAuth({ returnPathname: '/dashboard' });
```

> If you're application needs to persist data upon a successful authentication like the `oauthTokens` from an upstream provider, you can pass the `onSuccess` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application needs to persist data upon a successful authentication, like the `oauthTokens` from an upstream provider, you can pass in a `onSuccess` function that will get called after the user has successfully authenticated:
```
